---
layout: default
title: "Chapter X"
tags: story-of-scooty
---

## The Necromancer's Sanctum (Take 2)
{: .gloomfont}

The four adventurers crouched outside the entrance to the mausoleum. Master Ratchet fiddled with
his tools and contraptions while Sir Integral arranged and rearranged his potions in his potion
bag. Scooty tossed a small ball of dirt back and forth between her hands, and Blockingjay did his
best to look unconcerned. The tension was thick as Sir Integral whispered, “Shall we?” Everyone
nodded in agreement and stood tall. Sir Integral kicked in the door and leapt through in one motion,
landing before a small cluster of skeletons with a flourish of his hand.

“Did I not warn thee, vile scum, that we wouldst return?” Sir Integral reached up to adjust his
hat, but his hand froze in midair as he remembered that his hat was gone, trampled by the undead
the day before. “I *will* get my hat back, you…” His face turning from violet to deep red, he threw
down some wicked-looking spikes. The other three rushed up to join him and positioned themselves in
defensive stances behind the spikes. The skeletons ambled forward, bones clanking together.

“Come at me, you lousy…” Sir Integral couldn’t conceal his satisfaction as the skeletons impaled
themselves on the spikes, arms still swinging, and collapsed into useless piles of disconnected
bones. One of Master Ratchet’s devices filled the air with restorative mist and soft sounds of
clinking and whirring as Sir Integral waved his hand and dissolved the spikes into nothing.

“Onward, comrades!” he cried, and the party rushed forward as one. Scooty hurled a clod of dirt
towards the cultists in the back of the room just as Blockingjay swung his sword, but the cultists
were dealt with before either hit could land. Scooty’s jaw dropped as she saw that the three
cultists were now three pillars of ice. Her dirt hit one with a dull thud as her eyes followed the
trail of ice hovering in the air back to the source. Sir Integral shook ice particles from the tips
of his fingers as he brushed past Scooty and Blockingjay, a smirk on his face. He tipped over the
frozen cultists one by one as he passed them, not flinching as they shattered against the stone
floor.

“Come along, comrades.” Sir Integral leaned on the door to the next room, still smirking, as the
other three approached. His smirk faltered as the door started to swing and disappeared completely
as he fell through, arms flailing in a wild attempt to catch himself. His eyes widened as he
glimpsed what waited beyond the door, and he leapt backwards.

“By the balls of St. Tanuki! There are *night demons* in there!”

Master Ratchet, Scooty, and Blockingjay crept up to peek through the doorway. The night demons on
the other side, startled by Sir Integral’s exclamation, were already drifting weightlessly towards
the door, trailing black smoke behind them.

“Run, associates! Past these vile creatures and to yonder door!”

The adventurers burst through the door together, dashing madly for the door to Jekserah’s lair.
Scooty flung stones and chunks of dirt at the demons as she passed, while Master Ratchet threw up
shields and shot out healing mists. Sir Integral tossed attacks over his shoulder as he ran;
Blockingjay swung his sword, bellowing viciously every time a blow connected.

As they neared the door, Scooty looked to the right to see two cultists shuffling towards them,
summoning skeletons in front of them as they drew nearer. She only turned back for a second to
throw more stones at the night demons, but it was just enough. One of the skeletons swung at Sir
Integral, and Scooty leaped between them, feeling the bony fingers tear her tough skin. She pulled
the Skullbane Axe over her head and swung at the skeleton. It staggered backwards, giving Scooty
just enough time to back away before his next attack.

“I hope you’re all ready!” Blockingjay called as he kicked open the next door.

Scooty and Blockingjay stopped right inside the door, instantly overwhelmed by the number of
skeletons and reanimated corpses in the small space. Blockingjay swung his sword, knocking one of
the corpses into a trap, as Master Ratchet scampered to stand on his other side. Sir Integral
backed into the doorway behind Scooty and Blockingjay and drew his invisibility cloak over his head,
trapping the night demons and cultists in the outer chamber. He must have picked up his hat during
the mad rush to the door - Scooty caught a glimpse of it just before the Orchid disappeared.

“Kill the Valrath!” he yelled as he kicked a night demon with one long leg, knocking him away from
the door. “If she goes, they all go!”

Scooty swung the axe once more, and the corpse in front of her doubled over. Blockingjay took his
head off with one swipe of his sword as Scooty rehung the axe from her pack and started to summon a
dirt tornado. Jekserah stepped into the center of the mass of corpses and skeletons, summoning two
more corpses on the way.

“Take this, scum!”

Scooty turned to look at Master Ratchet in surprise and was just in time to see him loose a toxic
bolt in Jekserah’s direction. The Valrath hissed as it sank into her shoulder, releasing earth
essence into the air around it.

“A truer shot has never been seen, my dear Quatryl friend!” Something on the other side of Sir
Integral grunted as his invisible fist connected with its face. “Take THAT, you slimy, no-good,
son of a-“

Scooty reached out for the earth in the air and began working it into the tornado. Disgust and
contempt burned in Blockingjay’s eyes as he swept the undead in front of him out of the way, coming
up beside Jekserah with one long stride. Noticing a hint of fear on the Valrath’s face as
Blockingjay raised his blade, Scooty let the dirt tornado loose. Swirling chunks of dirt and stone
hit Jekserah and the undead around her. Blockingjay brought his sword down harder than Scooty had
ever seen, slicing through Jekserah’s armor. She struggled to raise her bow, staggered by the force
of Blockingjay’s blow, and shot weakly at the Inox. The dirt tornado circled around again, and a
chunk of debris hit her in the head.

“What’s taking so long?!”

Scooty assumed from the high-pitched shriek that Sir Integral’s invisibility cloak had worn out.
Two small orbs of fire darted between her and Blockingjay, hitting Jekserah with twin sizzles.

Scooty noticed a mechanical grinding as she started the dirt tornado on another rotation.
Blockingjay brought another mighty blow down on Jekserah’s head, and Sir Integral continued to toss
various spells into the fray, muttering furiously and turning around every so often to kick or
swing at an enemy in the next room.

The mechanical grinding was punctuated with a hiss, followed by a thud. Jekserah doubled over,
holding her stomach, and Scooty was barely able to see another bolt sticking out of her middle.
Master Ratchet leaped into the air and spun in a celebratory circle, holding a crank bow with both
hands. Jekserah fell to one knee, overwhelmed by the dirt tornado, and the undead around her froze
and began to quiver.

“You have no idea what’s coming…” she whispered, life fleeing her eyes.

With one more hack of his blade, Blockingjay separated Jekserah’s head from her body. The remaining
undead collapsed, suddenly lacking a life force to keep them animated. Scooty turned away from the
sight of the Valrath’s corpse as Blockingjay picked up the severed head, storing it grimly in the
head-sized pouch attached to his pack.
