---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #1: Black Barrow"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['bandit_guard', 'bandit_archer', 'living_bones']
map: 'scenario_map_01'
---

# #1 Black Barrow
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ None <br>
__Goal:__ Kill all enemies <br>
__Party Achievement:__ First Steps <br>
__New Location:__ #2 Barrow Lair <span class="map_loc">(G-11)</span>

***

## Introduction

The hill is easy enough to find—a short journey past the New Market Gate and
you see it jutting out on the edge of the Corpsewood, looking like a rat under
a rug. Moving closer you see the mound is formed from a black earth. Its small,
overgrown entrance presents a worn set of stone stairs leading down into the darkness.

As you descend, you gratefully notice light emanating from below. Unfortunately,
the light is accompanied by the unmistakable stench of death. You contemplate
what kind of thieves would make their camp in such a horrid place as you reach the
bottom of the steps. Here you find your answer—a rough group of cutthroats who don’t
seem to have taken very kindly to your sudden appearance. One in the back matches
the description of your quarry.

“Take care of these unfortunates,” he says, backing out of the room. You can vaguely
make out his silhouette as he retreats down a hallway and through a door to his left.

“Well, it’s not every day we get people stupid enough to hand-deliver their valuables
to us,” grins one of the larger bandits, unsheathing a rusty blade. “We’ll be killing you now.”

Joke’s on them. If you had any valuables, you probably wouldn’t be down here in the first place.


## Story Point 1

Kicking through the door, you find yourself face-to-face with the reason these
bandits chose this particular hole to nest in: animate bones—unholy abominations
of necromantic power.

Nothing more to do but lay them to rest along with the remainder of this troublesome rabble.


## Conclusion

With the last bandit dead, you take a moment to catch your breath and steel yourself
against the visions of living remains ripping at your flesh. Your target is not among
the dead, and you shudder to think what horrors still await you in the catacombs below.


***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}



