---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #20: Necromancer's Sanctum"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['living_bones', 'living_corpse', 'cultist', 'night_demon', 'jekserah']
map: 'scenario_map_20'
---

# #20 Necromancer's Sanctum
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ The Merchant Flees (Global) COMPLETE <br>
__Goal:__ Kill Jekserah <br>

***

## Introduction

One thing is for certain: you never would have found Jekserah’s lair without help. Deep
in the Dagger Forest, you would have become hopelessly lost hours ago if not for the
detailed directions you carry. After various twists and turns, you find yourself staring
at an ancient mausoleum, hidden in the growth of the forest. A massive tree trunk mostly
blocks the entryway. This building must have been built ages ago and was long forgotten
by time.

You squeeze past the tree trunk into the dark halls of the tomb. You light a torch and
wait silently, listening for sounds of inhabitants. It is faint, but to your left you
hear a shuffling sound. You move closer and open a set of stone doors. Ahead of you,
the torchlight catches shadows of the living dead. It looks like Jekserah is hard at
work rebuilding her army.

## Story Point 1

Jekserah has unfortunately had ample time to reanimate the corpses here, but they are
no match for your skills. You knock down one last door to come face-to-face with the
necromancer herself.

“I don’t know how you found me, but it matters little. You have mistakenly assumed
that I ran because I was afraid to fight you.  I was just holding out some hope that you
would come to your senses in time. It is a pity that your minds cannot think beyond what
is at the end of your blades. What corpses you have destroyed so far will now be replaced
with your own.”

## Conclusion

To be determined....

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}



