---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #81: Temple of the Eclipse"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['night_demon', 'ancient_artillery', 'sun_demon', 'stone_golem', 'colorless']
map: 'scenario_map_81'
---

# #81: Temple of the Eclipse
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ None <br>
__Goal:__ Kill the Colorless <br>
__Reward__: 10 experience each <br>

***


## Introduction

On your way to the location indicated by the Aesther, dark clouds loom over you. A light
drizzle begins to fall as you approach a small temple hidden in the Dagger Forest.

The building seems abandoned, but once you are inside, you are transfixed by a fascinating
sight: an eternal twilight sky spans over you. Caught between night and day, the room is
illuminated by a strange glow. A quick survey of your surroundings, however, indicates that
you are not welcome. Demons of light and shadow approach.

## Story Point 1

Finally reaching the entrance to the sanctum, you prepare for the last challenge. You open
the door to a place stuck between eternal darkness and blinding light. Two huge demons flank
a Savvas whose chest pulses with black and golden lights. Savvas cannot normally master
those elements, but by the look on its face, you guess that doing so drove it mad.

## Conclusion

With all your strength, you drive your weapon deep
into the Savvas’s chest, shattering its cores. Suddenly, the unnatural light and darkness
is pulled towards the wound, gathering inside it before bursting out in a huge blast.
The empty body of the Savvas drops dead to the floor.

The twilight around you returns to normal as you gather your loot and leave the temple. One
last time, you stare up at the ceiling and marvel at the impossibility of this place.

## Special Rules 1

At the start of every round, move the Light and Dark elemental tokens to the Strong column,
and move the Fire, Ice, Wind, and Earth elemental tokens to the Inert column.

Looting the first treasure tile gives the character the Crystal of Zenith. Looting the second treasure
tile gives the character the Sphere of Midnight. These are not items, but having them will be
useful in the scenario.

## Special Rules 2

If any character is adjacent to the altar [A] at the end of their turn, they may discard the Crystal
of Zenith or the Sphere of Midnight to cause the Colorless to suffer 2xC damage.

## Boss Special 1 :

The Colorless consumes Dark to summon one normal Night Demon for two or three characters
or one elite Night Demon for four characters, then gains INVISIBLE .

## Boss Special 2 :

The Colorless consumes Light to summon one normal Sun Demon for two characters or one elite
Sun Demon for three or four characters, then gains Shield 1 and heals itself


***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

