---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #57: Investigation"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['city_guard', 'city_archer', 'hound']
map: 'scenario_map_57'
---

# #57: Investigation
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ "Vengeance" personal quest <br>
__Goal:__ Kill the Infiltrator <br>
__Reward__: +1 Reputation <br>
__New Locations:__ #58 Bloody Shack <span class="map_loc">(E-15)</span> <br>

***

## Introduction

Gathering information concerning your friend’s death was not an easy task, but your relentless
investigation finally leads you to knowledge of a certain corrupt lieutenant stationed in
the western barracks. Apparently he is known for turning a blind eye to certain crimes in
the Sinking Market and he was on watch the night your friend was murdered. Now it is time to
bash down some doors, and get some answers through any means necessary.

## Story Point 2

You have found the main barracks, and as the door opens, a foreboding feeling comes over you.
You recognize the lieutenant in the corner bellowing out orders. “Alarm! Intruders! Don’t
let them get away! Slay them!” You are on the right track. Bring him to justice, then search
his remains for clues.

#### Special Rules:

When the elite City Guard in this room dies, replace him with an elite Harrower Infester
that is one level higher than the scenario level, up to a maximum of 7. This is the Infiltrator.

## Conclusion

Combing through the remains of the Infiltrator, you find a schedule to a meeting outside the
city in a remote shack. There are notes about harvesting corpses. You look forward to crashing
this meeting and exacting your revenge. (#58) With the spy revealed, the remaining city
watch thanks you for exposing him.

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

