---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #3: Inox Encampment"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['inox_guard', 'inox_archer', 'inox_shaman']
map: 'scenario_map_03'
---

# #3 Inox Encampment
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ The Merchant Flees (Global) INCOMPLETE <br>
__Goal:__ Kill a number of enemies equal to five times the number of characters <br>
__Party Achievement:__ Jekserah's Plans <br>
__New Locations:__ #8 Gloomhaven Warehouse, #9 Diamond Mine <br>
__Rewards__: 15 gold each, +1 prosperity

***

## Introduction

So this merchant wants to make an example of some caravan raiders? Seems reasonable
enough. For the right amount of money, almost anything can be made reasonable.

You enter the Dagger Forest and begin to track down the encampment using Jekserah’s
crude map. It is well-hidden, but following the signs outlined on the parchment, you
find a dense cluster of huts in a small clearing of the forest. All that’s left is to
head in and make that requested example.

## Story Point 1

You push your way into the back cave only to be faced with a half-dozen crying,
screaming Inox children. You have little opportunity to contemplate the implications
of this development, however, as you find yourself also staring down the bows of several
Inox archers. Your only option is to continue fighting.

## Conclusion

Running through the forest, fleeing the smell of burning flesh, you now find more than
enough opportunity to contemplate your actions.

How your actions sit with you must be visible on your face as you meet once more with
Jekserah, this time in her manor. She hands you a sack of coins with a frown.

“They were thieves and murderers,” she says blankly. “They deserved what you gave them.
And that is all I will say of the matter. I have one more task I would like you to perform.
I require a diamond of considerable size for a customer, but I cannot find one anywhere in the city.

“There is a diamond mine, however, in the southern mountains long since lost to the
wilderness. I’ve heard reports that it is now overrun with Vermlings, no doubt with some
other more intelligent force behind them. If you can fight your way in and grab the biggest
diamond you can find, I will give you a considerable reward. (#9)

“Now leave me in peace.” Jekserah’s two massive Inox bodyguards step forward, directing
you to leave the manor.

Outside, contemplating your new task, you hear a small voice behind you.
“She’s not looking for profit, you know.” (#5)

You turn around to see a female Quatryl step out of the alley beside Jekserah’s house.
She’s clad in dark leather armor and holds a conspicuous contraption full of whirring gears
and topped with a conical metal piece connected to a tube.

“Argeise, city guard,” she says, introducing herself. “I know, I don’t exactly look the part,
but if anyone isn’t what they appear to be, it’s that Valrath you’ve been talking to. Sure,
she’s a merchant, but she’s up to something far more sinister.

“She’s been trying to overthrow the military in Gloomhaven for as long as I’ve been here,
and we’re all very curious about what her current machinations are.

“Look, you can go do her bidding like a good little puppy if you want, but if you’d rather
actually help this town keep the peace and not get overrun by the wilds, I have a different
idea. We’ll get to the bottom of Jekserah’s plans and expose her for who she really is.” (#8)


***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}



