---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #58: Bloody Shack"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['earth_demon', 'harrower_infester', 'black_imp', 'city_guard']
map: 'scenario_map_58'
---

# #58: Bloody Shack
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ "Vengeance" personal quest <br>
__Goal:__ Kill the Harvester <br>
__Reward__: "Vengeance" quest complete, Open envelope X, +2 Reputation <br>

***

## Special Rules

No more than half the characters (rounded up) may enter the scenario from the same room.

## Introduction

You surround the small shack on the Hook Coast and ready your weapons. However, the owner
of this place is not totally unprepared. Tall earth elementals and a patrol of Harrowers
accompanied by grotesque black imps guard both entrances. You spring into action, hoping
to be rid of them all before they can sound an alarm.

## Story Point 1

As you burst through the front door, you notice a strange-looking pedestal covered in blood.
It holds a curved, serrated dagger that glows red. Recalling your dead friend’s wounds,
you have a strong suspicion this was the weapon that murdered him. It’s time to return the favor to its owner.

### Special Rules:

Only the character seeking vengeance may loot the treasure tile. Doing so gives them the
Occult Dagger. This is not an items but having it will be useful in the scenario.

## Story Point 2

Piles of rotting bones adorned with occult glyphs greet you as you enter the back room. At
the center, a malicious human figure sits on a throne of skulls. He stands, gathering
necromantic energies from the surrounding bone piles. “I feel the desire for vengeance
burning bright within your heart. I will feast well upon it!”

### Special Rules:

The City Guard is one level higher than the scenario level, up to a maximum of 7. This is the Harvester.

Each bone pile (A) has L+(2xC) hit points. For each bone pile present on the map, the Harvester
gains Shield 1 and heals C-1 hit points at the end of each round. The character with the Occult Dagger adds
PIERCE-4 all their attacks targeting the Harvester.

## Conclusion

Bloodlust is a strange thing. Once it is sated, it leaves a hollow shell of a person behind.
The dagger clatters to the floor as a cold, numb feeling spreads through you. The job is done,
and it is time to move on, however hard that may be.

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

