---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #8: Gloomhaven Warehouse"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['living_bones', 'living_corpse', 'inox_bodyguard']
map: 'scenario_map_08'
---

# #8 Gloomhaven Warehouse
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ Jekserah's Plans (Party) COMPLETE and The Dead Invade (Global) INCOMPLETE <br>
__Goal:__ Kill both Inox Body Guards <br>
__Global Achievement:__ The Merchant Flees <br>
__New Locations:__ #7 Vibrant Grotto <span class="map_loc">(C-12)</span>, #13 Temple of the Seer <span class="map_loc">(N-3)</span>, #14 Frozen Hollow <span class="map_loc">(C-10)</span> <br>
__Reward__: +2 reputation<br>

***

## Introduction

At the behest of your mysterious contact, you sneak towards Jekserah’s warehouse
under the cover of night. With any luck, you’ll be able to uncover her plans and put a stop to them.

Hoping to find the warehouse largely abandoned, you instead discover that it is teeming with
undead. At least that gives you a better idea of her plans. She’s clearly been using the
necromantic scroll you delivered to raise the undead within the city walls, and now it is
time to put them back to rest.

## Story Point 1

Barreling through the gauntlet of storage shelves, traps, and undead, you finally make it
to the back room of the warehouse, face- to-face with Jekserah and her two Inox bodyguards.

“So, you’ve decided to disrupt my plans instead of help me? You will regret that decision
when I return to Gloomhaven with a legion of undead at my back!”

Moving with great speed, Jekserah turns and runs from you, flipping out a window. You make
a move to pursue her, but the two gargantuan Inox block your advance.

## Conclusion

With the battle behind you, you look out the window and see no evidence of the fleeing Valrath.
You’ve stopped her plans for now, but after your brief conversation, it is clear you need to
hunt her down before she can make good on her threats. (#13)

“She’s beyond my network,” the city guard Argeise says with a shrug when you ask her later.
“We’d like to make sure she won’t cause more trouble, but she’s fled the city, and I’m not
about to go traipsing through the wilds.

“You might have more luck with the Aesther enchanter in town,” she suggests. “She can
surely divine the coward’s location for you, if you can get her to cooperate.” (#14), (#7)


***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}



