---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #14: Frozen Hollow"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['hound', 'living_spirit', 'frost_demon']
map: 'scenario_map_14'
---

# #14 Frozen Hollow
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ None <br>
__Goal:__ Kill all enemies <br>
__Global Achievement:__ The Power of Enhancement <br>

***

## Introduction

An enchanter has been called for, so an enchanter must be found.

Following reports of an Aesther in the Boiler District, you find yourself standing
before an abandoned and decrepit tavern: the Crooked Bone. Opening the door, the
inside looks exactly as the outside advertised: spiderwebs, splintered stools, and
dusty, broken glass.

Stepping past the threshold, a translucent female suddenly appears before you.
“Why have you come to this place, mercenaries? Your presence is unwanted, and you
are disrupting my research.”

You quickly explain why you have come and the woman’s frown deepens.

“‘Oh, look at the Aesther woman. She can fulfill all our wishes. All she has to do
is wave her hands and our wildest dreams will come true.’” She sighs in frustration
and actually does wave her hands. “Leave me in peace.”

You don’t move. She stares.

“Well, instead of disrupting, then maybe you could help. Scratch my back, maybe I’ll
scratch yours. That’s how these things work, right?” The woman turns and walks towards
a destroyed set of stairs, but after a few steps, she fades away entirely.

“I need an orb from the Frozen Hollow in the Copperneck Mountains.” The woman’s voice
comes from directly in front of you, as if she hadn’t moved at all. “Bring it back to
me and I may help you.”

A map drops at your feet. “My name is Hail by the way. Do not come back without the orb.”

The map is easy to follow. Deep in the Copperneck Mountains, obscured by snow drifts, you
find the opening to a dark, narrow cave. The wolf tracks around the entrance are troubling,
but, with a firm resolve, you enter.

## Conclusion

With the last of your adversaries dead, you approach the back of the chamber, where a small
blue sphere floats above the floor. You slowly reach out your hand and find the orb cold
to the touch. With a firm grip on it, the temperature is almost unbearable, but you quickly
stash it into your pack and make your way back to the Crooked Bone.

You enter the abandoned tavern and call out to Hail. With no response, you wander around,
observing the chaotic mess around you. You wonder how she gets any work done in this
environment. As you approach the counter, Hail appears before you, holding the orb.

“Very interesting.” She doesn’t seem to notice you at all. “A rift in our plane, somehow
contained within a spherical barrier. Good thing you didn’t break this on your way back.
You easily could have been sucked into a realm of pure frost and been frozen solid before
you had time to breathe. Or something worse could have happened.

“It’s just so confounding. Who would have the power to do this?” Hail takes a step to the
left and disappears again.

You wait for what feels like hours, refusing to sit on the few stools that haven’t yet fallen
apart. You call out occasionally, but receive no response.

“Oh, you’re still here.” You turn around to see Hail in the middle of the room. “Good, I’d
like to experiment on you if it’s all right.” She reaches out to you and you stumble backward,
falling over a table that splinters into hundreds of pieces.

“Oh, don’t be a baby about it. I’m pretty sure it will end well.”

Hail explains that she wants to try to bring forth raw power from another plane and contain it in
a small orb that could give enhanced powers to anyone possessing it. The containment process,
however, requires a lot of gold metal.

“Now that you have helped me in my endeavors, I suppose I should return the favor,” Hail sighs.
“So what was it exactly that you wanted?” (#7), (#19), (#31), (#43)


***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}



