---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #26: Ancient Cistern"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['living_corpse', 'ooze', 'night_demon', 'black_imp']
map: 'scenario_map_26'
---

## {{ page.title }}
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ Water-Breathing (Global) or Through the Ruins (Party) COMPLETE<br>
__Goal:__ Cleanse all water pumps<br>
__Party Achievement__: Following Clues
__New Locations:__ #22 Temple of the Elements <span class="map_loc">(K-8)</span>,
__Reward__: 10 gold each, +1 reputation, +2 prosperity <br>

***

## Special Rules 1

Add three CURSE cards to each character’s attack modifier deck as a scenario effect.

## Special Rules 2

A number of water pumps equal to the number of characters are present and must be cleansed
to complete the scenario. Any character adjacent to a water pump may forgo a bottom action
(discarding one card instead) to cleanse the pump. For two characters, pumps are located
in water hexes [A] . For three characters, pumps are located in water hexes [A] and [B] . For four
characters, pumps are located in water hexes [A] , [B] , and [C] . At the end of each round, all
pumps that have not been cleansed summon one normal Black Imp.


## Introduction

The water grows dark, black as a cloudy night sky. You cannot see your hands paddling in front
of your face, but you press on. Before too long, you spot a light in the distance. It takes
all the effort you have left, but eventually the light grows bigger and you emerge from a
pool of fetid water, grateful that you can breathe freely once again.

The relief, however, is short-lived. The room is swarming with menacing green masses of ooze
and undead. You flop out onto dry land and try to catch your breath, readying your weapons for another battle.

## Story Point 1

Following the signs of corruption, you find your way into the final room of the chamber, hoping
to finish off the rest of your adversaries quickly. Instead, horror invades your mind as you
view the scene before you.

Four water pipes stand vertically in the back of the room, clear conduits for the pumping
of the city’s water. Attached to the pipes, however, are writhing black masses, poisoning
the water running through. When you enter, some of the black mass drips down from the pipes,
coalescing into the forms of small, bulbous imps with mouths full of teeth.

The horde of demons and undead isn’t exactly a welcome sight, either.

## Conclusion

By the time the fight is over, the walls and floor are a mess of black ooze. None of it is
pulsating anymore, though, which is a step in the right direction. A simple mop can clean
the remnants, now that the dark presence has been removed.

You approach the back wall and bemusedly wipe away some of the grime with your finger. Most
of it comes off easily, but a chalky black streak remains. Curious, you take your sleeve and
begin wiping the wall more vigorously, quickly revealing some sort of runic language. With
enough cleaning, you find lettering covering the entire back wall.

The letters are unrecognizable, but you jot them down and head back to town, bringing the
writings to a language expert at the University.

“It’s part of a ritual,” says a bespectacled Quatryl, staring down at your crude writing.
“I am not myself entirely familiar with the specifics, but it seems to be a ritual to
‘welspar’...err, corrupt.

“I believe such corruption would require the use of a conduit.” The Quatryl peers even more
intently at the writings. “Ah, here! Something referred to as ‘The Artifact,’ housed at the
Temple of Elements.”

The Quatryl rushes over to a bookcase overflowing with texts, “Ah, interesting! I’ve heard
of that before.” He disappears behind a large stack of tomes.

“Yes! The Temple of the Elements.” His head pops out above the books. “The Temple of the
Elements, said to house the Vessel of the Elements, a powerful ancient artifact capable of
giving shape and power to the elemental residues around us.

“The book says the temple isn’t even that far from here—somewhere around the fork in the
Serpent’s Kiss River. If you’re looking to get the bottom of the corruption, I’d start there.” (#22)

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

