---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #05: Ruinous Crypt"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['living_bones', 'night_demon', 'cultist', 'flame_demon', 'frost_demon']
map: 'scenario_map_05'
---

## {{ page.title }}
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ None <br>
__Goal:__ Kill all the enemies <br>
__New Locations:__ #10 Plane of Elemental Power <span class="map_loc">(C-7)</span>,
               #14 Frozen Hollow <span class="map_loc">(C-10)</span>,
               #19 Forgotten Crypt <span class="map_loc">(M-7)</span> <br>
__Links__: #10 Plane of Elemental Power

***

## Special Rules

All characters start with DISARM as a scenario effect.


## Introduction

Your mission is clear. These elemental cultists are distorting the fabric of the world and
must be stopped. With that goal in mind, you follow the writings to an ancient crypt you
believe to be the cult’s base of operations. Steeling yourselves for combat, you batter
through the rotted door and charge into the hall of the crypt.

The sight before you is both wondrous and horrifying. A group of cultists is performing ritual
incantations in front of a black, gaping hole in reality. They turn toward you and snarl,
unsheathing their sacrificial daggers. Behind them an inky darkness spills forth from the
hole and coalesces into nightmarish forms full of teeth and claws. You know you must send
these terrors of the elemental plane back into the void, but you are paralyzed with fear.

## Conclusion

With the cultists and their minions dead, it seems the dark rift is now dormant. It is no
less disconcerting, however. You toss a rock at it, and the rock disappears into nothingness.
You must admit that you wonder whether you could enter the rift yourself and whether you
could survive the trip to wherever that rock ended up. (#10)

Alternately, finding some way to close the rift is probably the more prudent decision. There
is an Aesther enchanter in Gloomhaven who may know more about this inter-planar stuff. She’s
been known to ask for impossible favors before she helps anyone, though. (#14) (#19)

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

