---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #04: Crypt of the Damned"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['living_bones', 'bandit_archer', 'cultist', 'earth_demon', 'wind_demon']
map: 'scenario_map_04'
---

## {{ page.title }}
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ None <br>
__Goal:__ Kill all the enemies <br>
__New Locations:__ #05 Ruinous Crypt <span class="map_loc">(D-6)</span>,
               #06 Decaying Crypt <span class="map_loc">(F-10)</span> <br>

***


## Introduction

The bandit commander’s proclamations of a “Gloom” do not sit well in your stomach as you search
the bend in the Still River— something here holds an interest for these maniacs.

You are somewhat surprised to find the ruins of an ancient crypt half-covered in moss and
ivy. The history of this place is old and dark. With no other information to go on, you head
down into the depths. Whatever these supposed bandits are up to, you’re determined to find
out, even after you stumble across a large group of them and more animated dead at the bottom of the stairs.

“You’ve made a mistake coming here,” one of the bandits hisses. You disagree. You are right where you want to be.

## Story Point 1

You bash in the door, thinking you are prepared for anything. Before you, however, stands a
creature of pure elemental energy, enraged and demonic. It takes you a second to collect
yourself. As if animating the dead wasn’t enough for these lunatics.

## Conclusion

It is clear that you have disrupted some sort of ritual here. These elemental demons belong
on an entirely different plane of existence, but the cultists have somehow managed to pull
them through to this one.

On the altar in the back room, there is a wealth of scribblings on these rituals. Not all
the writing is intelligible, but you get the sense that this crypt is a place of power once
used by an ancient civilization. The ancients tapped the power of the elements to enhance
their own lives, and while their exact fate is beyond your knowledge, it clearly didn’t end well.

Among the scripts you also find notes on a couple of other places of power in the area. One
appears to see heavy use with the cult and the other is marked as being overrun by vicious
undead. It looks as though you have opportunities to either disrupt more of their work (#05)
or get in their good graces by helping to clear out a threat. (#06)

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

