---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #23: Deep Ruins"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['stone_golem', 'ancient_artillery', 'living_bones', 'living_spirit']
map: 'scenario_map_23'
---

# #23: Deep Ruins
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ None <br>
__Goal:__ Occupy all pressure plates simultaneously<br>
__Global Achievement__: Ancient Technology<br>
__Party Achievement__: Through the Ruins

***

## Special Rules 1

Add (3) -1 cards to each character's attack modifier deck as a scenario effect.

## Special Rules 2

There are a number of pressure plates equal to the number of characters.  For two characters, the plates
[A], exist.  For three characters, the plates [A] and [B] exist.  For four characters, the plates
[A], [B], and [C] exist.


## Introduction

Deciding to brave the dark passages beneath the Gloomhaven sewers, you light a torch and head deeper
down. Ruined brickwork eventually gives way to passages made of intricate stone in a state of extreme
disrepair.

You see an unrecognizable runic language etched into the walls. It would be hard to read even if you
knew the language because of all the fractures and missing chunks of stone.

Following the passage, you eventually make your way to a larger room full of ruined machinery you
cannot begin to understand. You see a door on the opposite wall, but as you step forward, a clanging
sound rings out through the room, almost like an alarm. Then the machinery moves and springs to life,
clearly intent on attacking any intruders. That would be you.

## Story Point 1

You fight your way through the room of machinery and find corridors heading to your left and right.
You hear the alarm ringing from both directions. To shut it off, you may have to split up.

## Conclusion

With the last switch depressed, the alarm finally, thankfully, subsides. The cannons’ lights go off
and their guns point downward, lying dormant. The machinery sputters and dies, the cogs stopping
their rotation. Within a matter of seconds, the entire chamber becomes as dead as it was before,
leaving you to continue to explore in peace.

Heading down a narrow passage at the back of the left room, you find the corridor descends into a
pool of brackish liquid. You can see a vague light in the distance under the water. A quick swim
should take you farther into this underground world. (#26)

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

