---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #2: Barrow Lair"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['bandit_commander', 'living_corpse', 'bandit_archer', 'living_bones']
map: 'scenario_map_02'
---

# #2 Barrow Lair
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ First Steps (Party) COMPLETE <br>
__Goal:__ Kill the Bandit Commander and all revealed enemies <br>
__New Locations:__ #3 Inox Encampment, #4 Crypt of the Damned <br>
__Rewards__: 10 gold each, +1 prosperity

***

## Introduction

The stench of death and rotting flesh gets thicker as you kick past the corpses
of your foes and head deeper into the underground burial site. Guided by
the muted sounds of conversation, you find your way through the maze of crypts
and burst into a small room full of hard-faced bandits, all with bows at the ready.

They’re clearly guarding something. You must be in the right place.

## Story Point 1

You open the door to a large crypt littered with coffins. At the back stands your quarry.
He fits the description, but there is something previously unnoticed in his eyes—a dark
otherworldly force.

“Who are you to think you can interrupt the work of the Gloom?”
A dark energy engulfs his hands as he speaks. “I will show you what you are dealing with!”


## Conclusion

Sifting through the carnage left by the battle, you find a cache at the back of the room
containing the scrolls you were hired to collect. You can’t help but rifle through them
a bit, but find that the writing upon them is in some unknown archaic language. One thing
that does jump out at you, however, is a map of the northern countryside. A bend in the
Still River is clearly marked as a point of interest. Contemplating whether you want to
find out more about this so-called “Gloom,” you decide that the spot could be a point of
interest for you, as well. (#4)

But that can be forgotten for the moment. You pack up the papers and head back to Gloomhaven
to collect your reward.

Meeting Jekserah once again at the Sleeping Lion, you hand over the papers and are paid the agreed-upon amount.

“You know,” she whispers to you softly under the bustle of the tavern. “If you’re interested,
I may have another job for you. A tribe of Inox in the Dagger Forest has ransacked a
couple of my caravans headed to the Capital.

“I told the militia, but they do nothing,” she spits. “I can point you in the direction of
their encampment. If you can make an example of them, I will pay you even more.”

She places a crude map of the forest on the table and stands up, her jewelry clinking with
the movement. “Come find me when it is done.” (#3)


***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}



