---
layout: default
title: "Scenario #10: Plane of Elemental Power"
tags: scenario
monsters: ['flame_demon', 'earth_demon', 'sun_demon']
map: 'scenario_map_10'
---

## {{ page.title }}
{: .gloomfont}

__Requirements:__ The Rift Neutralized (Global) INCOMPLETE<br>
__Goal:__ Kill all the enemies <br>
__Party Achievement__: A Demon's Errand <br>
__New Locations:__ #21 Infernal Throne <span class="map_loc">(C-7)</span>,
               #22 Temple of the Elements <span class="map_loc">(K-8)</span> <br>
__Links__: #05 Ruinous Crypt, #21 Infernal Throne

***

## Introduction

Your vision shifts and blurs around you. Nightmarish wailing pierces your ears. You feel
your extremities stretching out, as if the universe is trying to tear you apart.

And then it stops. You open your eyes to see your feet are on solid ground, but around you
whirls strange elemental energies—fire mixing with ice in torrential power. You catch your
breath and glance back, relieved to see a void of darkness similar to the one that brought
you to this place.

The relief is short-lived, however, as a booming voice fills the crackling air. “Who are you
to slay my servants and invade my realm? This affront will not go unpunished!”

Before you the energies in the air begin to form vague demonic shapes. To go deeper into
this unearthly place, you must fight your way through.

## Conclusion

As the final demon in sight screams and dissipates into the wind, you fall to your knees,
thankful that the assault has stopped.

“Very interesting.” The voice appears deep inside your head, clawing at your brain with
its words. “You interlopers are unexpectedly powerful. I could certainly use your expertise
to find something in your own plane.”

The red rock below you rumbles and cracks, and a fiery fissure opens at your feet. “I open
my realm to you. Come, let me speak to you face-to-face.”

Having already made one leap of faith this day, you decide there’s no harm in making another.
The heat grows more intense as you descend, and scalding air billows up from below, slowing
your fall. You land quite safely in what appears to be an underground temple. Before you
stands a monstrous creature, horned and terrifying, holding a trident and standing on four
hooved legs.

The voice still resonates from inside your head. “Brave and foolish. You should serve me
well. There is an artifact of great power located in a forgotten temple along the Serpent’s
Kiss River. You can retrieve it for me, (#22) or you can die here and now.” (#21)

***

{% include map.html %}
{% include monsters.html %}

